Master
The king invited the ladies.
Join the flower viewing conference tomorrow.
It's beautiful.
Your Majesty, the lady has arrived.
See the Emperor.
The princess rarely dressed like that.
But this big red lipstick doesn't fit.
Then I can clean it.
Your Majesty is here.
I see Your Majesty.
Princess Love today dress up like a bright white lotus
It's a hundred times better than the form.
The Queen's Nest
Well, here.
Master
This happy queen is cunning.
For her.
Yes.
Dad, are you okay?
See if you can hurt yourself.
Grandfather, are you okay?
It's okay.
This is my wife's nest, I have to go.
Okay.
My servant has been tired these days.
Bring here the nest soup of rock candy prepared for your wife.
Your Majesty, how do I taste the taste of this bird nest?
Your Majesty, don't be poisonous.